They all say that you are as happy as you want,
You said you want to go to your woman,
I just want to see you today,
Play with your woman, I can be yours,
Come on, let me tell you whether Young Master Xu is out of his mind.
I definitely just made plans,
I have no idea,
have no idea,
Don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know,
Don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know,
Don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know,
Don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know , don’t know, don’t know, don’t know, don’t know, don’t know, don’t know, don’t know, don’t know, don’t know,
I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know what to do.
Are you okay? It's okay.
Is there any man injured? Don't be too far away
Before I come to see you today to pardon the chief minister,
If this luck fails, it will be serious.
How do you mark my two insurance discounts?
I've aborted both of my babies.